Activity count feature addition (#249)
cbrnr/sleepecg: docs/datasets.md

mesa = read_mesa(records_pattern="00*")  # note that this is a generator
```

> For the mesa dataset SleepECG also supports downloading and  storing the so-called activity counts. These are metrics
> that quantify movement of the subject via the recording and processing of 3D accelerometer measurements. They are
> calculated via a proprietary algorithm in the Actiware software by Phillips. In order to include activity counts in the 
> datasets downloaded from the mesa database, the [`read_mesa()`](sleepecg.read_mesa) function needs to be called with the
> parameter *activity_source* set either to *'actigraphy'* to download the data outright or *'cached'* to use cached
> activity counts if they were already downloaded previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SleepECG supports downloading and storing activity counts for the MESA dataset. These metrics quantify a subject's movement based on accelerometer measurements recorded and processed using a proprietary algorithm in Philips Actiware. To access activity counts, call [`read_mesa()`](sleepecg.read_mesa) with `activity_source='actigraphy'` to download the data or `activity_source='cached'` to use previously downloaded counts.
```
